the three of us trying to identify these
people as we go by taniguchi's 12
Jumma kanga is poor you see who is right
behind Bieber ham they kind of get to
move over there a little bit but it's
Jay Young Kim from Korea we had to force
out of breath who gets wet buoy that him
just referred to as wearing number 30
and he is just to the right of number 2
yokai infinite Panero and those two are
neck and neck and had been interesting
Hussein appears to have the fail that
you can say that at this predicted a
point in his bid to try to win his a
third consecutive Boston Marathon and
fourth overall and hey we seem to have a
break just about 15 and a half miles
look at swarf boy moved out to the left
took a very good look at the rest of the
field and started to press the pace and
the only ones to go with him where a
jae-yong Kim from Korea and Sammy lele
from Kenya now Lele is not really a
marathon runner but people in the u.s.
Road racing scene are familiar with him
and there is Abraham Hussein who is
really struggling and you can tell by
look at the lower left part of the
screen their leg speed and look at every
hands tempo and you can tell that he is
just struggling I doubt he'll even
finish the race when your head starts
moving you start reaching over it looks
like he's got some crimp and that is
that is taka so who is the first masters
runner running an incredible race going
buying so Abraham welcome back to our
continuing coverage of the Boston
Marathon at the
men's field just turns onto Commonwealth
Avenue and they begin their trek up the
hills of Newton and of course will
culminate in Heartbreak Hill but talk
about these gentlemen and who they are
and what they're doing Frank
who gets word boy from Namibia out in
front he's been pressing the pace the
whole time that David said today from
South Africa who went by Tammy
Lele from Kenya into third place now and
it's a four-man race
jae-young Kim from Korea who in the
Olympic Games last year took the race
out tried to win it from the front at
about this point in the race faded the
tenth place is not going to try that
again
he has just been dogging squirt boy the
whole way both of these men look equally
good I would say at this point Seb a
from South Africa has been struggling to
keep up as has Lele so these are the two
men who probably will figure at the end
they are young Kim and Luke gets swept
boy Tim filled up on the men's truck
we focus back on our men's lead truck
where who gets swept away from Namibia
is that made his move Tim killed alright
Frank but the race is not over by any
means and we've also had a another
change third-place cosmos and Eddie from
Kenya from Kenya has moved into third
place and seems to be coming on very
strongly although you can't see him from
here
he's only run one marathon before he ran
to 14 in Honolulu last December was
second he's Benson Masha who was a camp
Kenyan we thought would do well was his
buddy so he's really a neophyte and he's
coming on here to shut them inside this
is two and three record race between
second and third right cosmos and Eddie
from from Kenya and really only his
second marathon ever he ran in Honolulu
in December he he was over there with
one of his other Kenyan friends Masha
just jumped in the race finished second
by nine seconds maybe because he really
didn't want to beat his buddy and now he
is going to run down jae-young Kim from
Korea and it's just a question of
whether or not
Lucas work boy can get by the 25 mile
mark and now we'll see if he can make a
run that's what boy Kenny yes I think he
can do it but what's amazing to me is we
have schwarber and then daddy both of
them for marathoning
our novices young kids who almost don't
know better Frank
and they come up against the fields like
this they you know they really don't
know better this is that rape he is
coming on he is closing that distance
and when you see that happen and this
whole area down Commonwealth Avenue is a
slight downhill so if daddy really feels
good he can slow down and if swear boy
is just trying to hang on to the end
he's going to get caught in it looks to
me like he's gonna get caught
still on Beacon Street Tim filled up by
a man's truck
all right Tim his personal best will has
been to 1428 he's 23 years old
just slightly younger than the man he is
trying to catch Luke gets a sweat boy
but that he is coming up strong on him
I'm wondering if chilled up can hear me
Kim this is Catherine
what I want to know is yes do you think
that four-point nose and that he is
coming up like this
they're running neck-and-neck at this
point
daddy has come from nowhere to take over
the lead in the Boston Marathon and once
again
puffing and he's making his move postman
and Denny is posing in on an inversion
Boston Marathon win
definitely
and he's coming into this chute and
across the finish line